+++
date = "2019-07-11T03:00:00"
title = "Developing a Website via Academic-Hugo"
+++

It feels good to get something up and running. With websites, I feel like there's a litany of things that can go wrong. I've been playing around with various means of projecting my online image as an academic and PhD hopeful and, the combination I have found that works best for me is Twitter and a Website.

Specifically, I have chosen to use the web development framework "Hugo", which allows for me to edit and configure my website through Github. Additionally, the Academic theme for Hugo is a particularly good framework for my job. It is easy to setup, has a million options for personalization, and presents material and publications with ease.

My website has some issues, things I don't quite understand, yet. So, to any potential employers or colleagues who happen to find this site, I apologize in advance for the random Weibo share buttons and the occasional time error (I do not give talks on Bayesian statistics at 12 am.... usually). But, I am striving to push myself to do better, be more professional and simultaneously express who I am. My website and Twitter feed go hand in hand for that.

I aim to occasionally post thoughts about my life as a graduate student here as blog posts but primarily want to share any research I am either reading or writing for my friends and colleagues to also get ahold of. Also, if I give talks, do panel discussions, or actually write something that gets published (high hopes!) I will add it here as well.
